Adding cyclic learning rate schedule @rev lastmansleeping@ (#81)
salesforce/ml4ir: docs/source/quickstart/model_config.md

Currently, ml4ir supports a dense neural network architecture (multi layer perceptron like). Users can define the type of scoring architecture using the `architecture_key`. The layers of the neural network can be defined as a list of configurations using the `layers` attribute. For each layer, define the `type` of tensorflow-keras layer. Then for each layer, we can specify arguments to be passed to the instantiation of the layer. Finally, for each layer, we can specify a name using the `name` attribute.

> This file is also used to define the optimizer and the learning rate schedule. The current supported optimizers are: `adam`, `adagrad`, `nadam`, `sgd`, `rms_prop`. Each of these optimizers need so set the following hyper-parameter: `gradient_clip_value`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file is also used to define the optimizer and the learning rate schedule. The current supported optimizers are: `adam`, `adagrad`, `nadam`, `sgd`, `rms_prop`. Each of these optimizers need to set the following hyper-parameter: `gradient_clip_value`. 
```

Reviewer 2: Or "for each of these optimizers, the user should set `gradient_clip_value`".

> The current supported learning rate schedules are: `exponential` and `cyclic`. 

Reviewer: @mohazahran Should we give a name to the default learning rate schedule? Perhaps `uniform`?

Reviewer 2: you may want to consider `constant`.

The `exponential` learning rate schedule requires defining the following hyper-parameters: `initial_learning_rate`, `decay_steps`, `decay_rate`. For more information, see: https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/keras/optimizers/schedules/ExponentialDecay

> The `cyclic` learning rate schedule has three different type of policies: `triangular`, `triangular2`, `exponential`. All three types require defining the following hyper-parameters: `initial_learning_rate`, `maximal_learning_rate`, `step_size`. The `exponential` type requires and additional hyper-parameter: `gamma`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `cyclic` learning rate schedule has three different types of policies: `triangular`, `triangular2`, `exponential`. All three require: `initial_learning_rate`, `maximal_learning_rate`, `step_size`. The `exponential` type requires an additional hyper-parameter: `gamma`. 
```

> For more information, see: https://www.tensorflow.org/addons/api_docs/python/tfa/optimizers/CyclicalLearningRate and https://arxiv.org/pdf/1506.01186.pdf.

Reviewer: @mohazahran You should add this as a [link](https://www.tensorflow.org/addons/api_docs/python/tfa/optimizers/CyclicalLearningRate)

    name: final_dense
    units: 1
    activation: null
optimizer: 
  key: adam

>   gradient_clip_value: 5.0

Reviewer: @mohazahran Make sure you have default values for these if not explicitly overriden by the users. Same for `lr_schedule`

Reviewer 2: Does it make any difference having SGD/Adam/... with cyclical learning rate schedulers? Or the lr value of each batch it overwritten (I would imagine this is the case)?

Reviewer: Yeah, I'm not sure how Adam works with cyclic learning rate really. I should read about that. My understanding was cyclic learning rate is typically used with SGD.

@mohazahran do you know if using cyclic learning rate actually works? I think this is the kind of stuff we should set up unit tests for. If tensorflow's implementation of optimizers changes, we can easily catch it.

Author: I don't think lr schedule require a specific optimizer for it to work. So it shouldn't matter if it's SGD/Adam/..
I didn't test for it to actually see the lr decaying though.

Reviewer 2: I agree with @mohazahran. The scheduler overrides the values of the optimizer.

> lr_schedule:

Reviewer: @mohazahran It will be useful to add a description of each of the supported arguments - what they are, default values, dtype, etc.

Author: where should I add this description.

Reviewer: You can add it above in this doc.

    name: final_dense
    units: 1
    activation: null
optimizer: 
  key: adam
  gradient_clip_value: 5.0       #default value is 5.0
lr_schedule:
  key: cyclic
  type: triangular2
  initial_learning_rate: 0.001   #default value is 0.001
  maximal_learning_rate: 0.01    #default value is 0.01
  step_size: 10                  #default value is 10
```

> #Below is an example of defining other learning rate schedules.
> #lr_schedule:
> #  key: cyclic
> #  type: triangular
> #  initial_learning_rate: 0.001   #default value is 0.001
> #  maximal_learning_rate: 0.01    #default value is 0.01
> #  step_size: 10                  #default value is 10
> #
> #lr_schedule:
> #  key: exponential
> #  learning_rate: 0.01                   #default value is 0.01
> #  learning_rate_decay_steps: 100000   #default value is 100000
> #  learning_rate_decay: 0.96              #default value is 0.96

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples for defining other learning rate schedules:

Cyclic Learning Rate Schedule
```
#lr_schedule:
  key: cyclic
  type: triangular
  initial_learning_rate: 0.001   #default value is 0.001
  maximal_learning_rate: 0.01    #default value is 0.01
  step_size: 10                  #default value is 10
```

Exponential Decayed Learning Rate Schedule
```
lr_schedule:
  key: exponential
  learning_rate: 0.01                   #default value is 0.01
  learning_rate_decay_steps: 100000   #default value is 100000
  learning_rate_decay: 0.96              #default value is 0.96
```
```

  maximal_learning_rate: 0.01    #default value is 0.01
  step_size: 10                  #default value is 10
```

> #Below is an example of defining other learning rate schedules.

Reviewer: Awesome!

> #Below is an example of defining other learning rate schedules.

Reviewer: @mohazahran [Minor] Can we add this as code instead of comments, perhaps?
